Change the validate section using the "headers" endpoint (#5477)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/get-started/load-balancing.md

1. **Validate**

>    Validate that the upstream you configured is working by executing the command `curl -s http://localhost:8000/mock/headers |grep -i -A1 '"host"'` serveral times. You will see the host name changes between `httpbin` and `mockbin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Validate that the upstream you configured is working by executing the command `curl -s http://localhost:8000/mock/headers |grep -i -A1 '"host"'` several times. You will see the host name change between `httpbin` and `mockbin`.
```
